Add gateway image build provenance verification docs (#7067)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/index.md

Starting with {{site.ee_product_name}} 3.5.0.2, Docker container images are signed, and can be verified using `cosign` with signatures published to a Docker Hub repository. Read the [Verify signatures for Signed Kong Images](/gateway/{{ page.release }}/kong-enterprise/signed-images/) documentation to learn more.
{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:3.6.x %}

## Docker container image build provenance

> Starting with {{site.ee_product_name}} 3.6.0.0, Build provenance for docker container images is produced, and can be verified using `cosign` / `slsa-verifier` with attestations published to a Docker Hub repository. Read the [Verify Build Provenance for Signed Kong Images](/gateway/{{ page.release }}/kong-enterprise/provenance-verification/) documentation to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong produces build provenance for docker container images, which can be verified using `cosign` / `slsa-verifier` with attestations published to a Docker Hub repository. Read the [Verify Build Provenance for Signed Kong Images](/gateway/{{ page.release }}/kong-enterprise/provenance-verification/) documentation to learn more.
```
You don't need to put "starting with version", since this will only appear in version 3.6 docs and later.
